[Docs] Add SSH Node Pool GPU Dependency (#7947)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reservations/existing-machines.rst

See more customization options and details about SSH Node Pools in the rest of this guide.

.. tip::

>     When working with VMs with GPUs, the VMs must have `nvidia-smi` installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When working with GPU instances, GPU drivers must be installed on the host. Verify by running ``nvidia-smi``.
```

Reviewer: Should we move this to prerequisites? https://docs.skypilot.co/en/latest/reservations/existing-machines.html#details-prerequisites
